Improve dispatcher usage/documentation. (#3)
akamai/nomcc: README.md

        print(r)
```

And another example, which requests and prints events.

```python
import queue

import nomcc

q = queue.SimpleQueue()

def handle(session, message, state):
    q.put(message)

> with nomcc.connect('engine', dispatch=print_event) as session:

Reviewer: Fix typo:
```suggestion
with nomcc.connect('engine', dispatch=handle) as session:
```

Author: Both of those should have been `handle_event`.  Fixed.
